>> Will Sentance: Okay, let's double
check, and then we're gonna start to
learn some of the fancy terms for
all these pieces.z But
let's double check our converter
on some more sample data.
So actually, from our sample where we
know both the background information.
And the label, let's get a bit we
didn't actually use to come up
with the converter to check
whether the converter is working.
Because this is going to be a crucial
part of developing our converters,
making sure we don't get the converter
to work perfectly for our sample.
We literally tweaked it.
We watched Maria go, shoot,
it didn't quite work.
Let's change it.
Now, that might be capturing
the underlying pattern of the overall
population, the underlying rules
implicitly of the overall population for
converting background info into refund
decision or it might be getting it
perfect for the sample, but then doesn't
work very well for the rest of population.
So we wanna check that we didn't use our
sample only to get perfect conversion for
our sample, but not for
our overall population that may
not be exact what it shouldn't be.
If we only have 100%
conversion on our sample,
then unless our population is
100% identical to our sample,
it is not going to necessarily be
a great converter for our population.
We'll see more of this to come,
but let's then for
now, double check it on
a new refund request,
the way we do know what
the customer service rep decided.
So I think we're gonna have me.
Yay.
Me and unlike Joe.
I did get my refund request.
How very classes of me.
I'm very sorry, Joe.
I certainly should have
been the one who didn't.
But there it is, refund one.
Let's now go ahead and
validate our converter.
Validation.
Let's put in, well, let's say I
had two years, small refund and
only one account on the IP and
therefore the customer service rep,
well, for maybe many reasons
we don't know, said one.
Let's apply our conversion tool.
Let's apply our converter.
I'll just use this little blue.
This is our converter we're applying.
Nick, account longer than 0.9 years for
Will?
Yes.
Dollars less than 200.
>> Ben: Yep.
>> Will Sentance: Yes.
Account for IP less than three
>> Ben: Yes
>> Will Sentance: Yes.
Do I get a refund?
>> Ben: Yes,
>> Will Sentance: Yes, and
we know the customer service rep said so
too.
And so the accuracy on our
validation data is one out of one.
So for our converter trying to
capture the patterns the data
that is associated with giving a refund or
not in our sample,
we are doing rather nicely
with our validation,
with our checking of that on a new
piece of data, a new instance,
fancy word for bit, in this case,
request of our sample,
which we did not use to
come up with the rules.
And we check it, and it does nicely.
Now, in practice, people,
we have 100,000 elements in our sample.
We'd put 80,000 of them towards coming
up with the right conversion values and
maybe 20,000, 20% in the checking.
Now, people, we can apply our
converter to new refund requests where
we do not have the customer
service reps decision.
We do have a label and
we can make a prediction.
All right, let's do it.
Let's do It.
Who are we doing?
We're doing Paul.
Okay, pool.
Paul is rather clever.
Paul has their account for one year.
Okay, looks good.
How much are they spending?
Refunding just to keep
it under the threshold,
Paul, what do we think?
1.99.
1.99, Paul thinks like a true criminal.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Will Sentance: How many accounts on
Paul's IP?
I mean, too many to count.
Paul's running a full-on bot farm for
refunds but
we don't know whether to give a refund or
not here.
We're going to use our automated decision.
Each year goes by, my crouching
on the whiteboard gets harder.
All right, what decision will we get?
Paul, greater than 0.9
years account history?
You bet.
Under 200?
Accounts on IP less than three?
Absolutely not.
But with our converter two out of three
is true, do we give poorly refund?
You bet we do.
And this is the 150th refund
Paul's got that day of a $199.
Dear, we're experiencing here
immediately a key challenge with any,
we'll see the fancy name for
our converter in a moment, but
a key challenge with any of these,
which is something called drift.
The notion of drift, our sample that
we use to get a perfect conversion,
perfectly captured the nature of our,
so we even validated it.
I know there are only four elements, and
of course, in practice we'd use many
many more and hopefully catch the nature
of Paul's behavior, but we didn't,
and so along comes Paul and our population
is not reflective of our sample.
Paul's character,
Paul's pattern of behavior has drifted
away from our sample's characteristics.
And actually this is a key part of
deploying a model in production is
maintaining or
minimizing what's called concept drift,
a movement away of the definition of
the problem you're even looking at here or
certainly a moving away,
in this case of the characteristics
of the population from the sample.
Or you could just say our
sample is way too small and
doesn't capture but definitionally,
this is our sample.
It is a match.
Something is up Paul's.
And by the way, this is a big
part of fraud detection models.
If you have people like Paul, who decide
my goal is to work out almost pen test,
penetration test,
what these boundaries might be that I
can get away with coming back
again to vote manipulation,
then you'll be looking for what
are the maximums you can get to before
you get shadow banned on Twitter or
wherever, on X or whatever it is.
Okay, so people,
we're gonna have thumbs on this because
in a moment we're gonna go through and
start to give the fancy names for
each of these pieces.
And then talk about how this plays into
the discipline of machine learning.
Wait, thumbs on taking our sample
with our matching data for
each instance, each person,
each request, and
identifying the rules to do
the matching in our sample,
then checking that that matching is a good
set of rules on our validation data.
In fact, we check it on
20,000 we checked on one, and
then being able to use it on a new
future refund request of Paul's.
And I know it's kind of lame
that it then didn't work.
It did work.
It made a prediction.
Is it a good one?
No, but it did make a prediction,
very bad one.
Perhaps because Paul is brilliant and
pushed and
drifted away the population nature.
And actually, by the way, it's a huge
part of production engineering for
this space, because maintaining
the similarity even just going from this
being done with the customer service
rep to this being automated is a shift
in the nature of a refund request from
I have to chat with someone to do it to
I can press a button and get it.
That immediately leads half of
the population to drift apart.
But let's have thumbs on you lost me,
I'm clear, I want clarifications,
woo-woo, no clarifications,
people are Paul, Nick, go ahead,
Nick, please give us a clarification.
>> Ben: Is this always, like, a yes or no?
Like, is there, like, weighted averages or
anything applied to this kind of stuff?
>> Will Sentance: Yeah, absolutely.
We can definitely, and we'll see,
especially when we implement
alternative models or alternative we'll
see the name for them in a moment,
alternative converters that we
absolutely can get to some distribution
of probabilities, some threshold amount,
some levels of confidence.
Absolutely, we'll see that
play out in a moment.
Okay, how do we identify the boundaries?
We actually already started
pointing this with Ben.
Ben, how did we go about identifying
these boundaries with which part of your,
actually, this is not a classy question.
With which part of your face.
Okay, that's not good.
How did you go about identifying
these boundaries, Ben?
>> Ben: Just looking at the lowest value.
>> Will Sentance: Yeah, okay.
>> Ben: That was accepted.
>> Will Sentance: Yeah, sorry to talk
over you yeah, that's exactly right.
Like looking at with one's eyes,
with our eyes,
that's possible for
example four with well, four rules.
Is that possible for
100,000 in the sample,
we might have 100,000 data values
attached to every single request?
What if I have a time series that's
data over a period of time for
every dollar spent by that customer.
What if I have detailed
information on their interaction
with the app in the moments
leading up to the request?
These are all profoundly large data
sets where every single one of them
might have a boundary that is pertinent,
might have a boundary where if
they've spent this much money
yesterday on the day before for
this much less,
that might be the important factor.
If they took these sorts of pattern of
actions before they made the refund
request, that might be
the important factor.
There's no way we can eyeball that.
We're gonna need some techniques to do so.